# Quonium
Random python stuff for AutoGPT

These are some python files from AutoGPT that I've altered. I'm extremely hesistent about adding them to the change control system as the fact ofthe matter is that I don't know how to code. At all. I am a prompt engineer. What I did was talk an AI into helping me alter these. 

These may be of use. Product of two AI and a half-mad promt engineer who doesn't know python. But they seem to be working. The unsandboxed file_operations one seems to conflict with the data_ingestion script for now. Working on it The execute_code has a repaired execute_python_file command so it no longer thinks it's supposed to be in a Docker container and refuse to find files. And in json_utils.py there was an add_quote_to_property_names function that didn't have a definition, just some comments, so some json was't getting cleaned. Given the overall state of the JSON in this project, this caused problems. I believe it to be the root issue behind the bot somethimes confusing vairable names with variable values, printing "<insert code here>" or <current code>" in a file or looking for a file called "<myfile1>.py". After replacing the function I saw the bot gracefully recover from exactly that error saying "I forgot to replace the name with the value. That's why it failed. I wil lrun it again properly." which is about a million times better than the prior "flail for 20 minutes lookingfor non-exiestant stuff" behavior. 

Again, I don't code. I'm just a heck of a good prompt engieer and I used ChatGPT and tools I built to fix this stuff. I make no guarantees and strongly enourage you to review the code yourself before using it.  All I can say is that it's what I'm using and it's better than what I had had before.
